Fix bulk processor initialize multiple times (#8913)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Webapp module (for UI) enabled compression.
* [Breaking Change] Add layer field to event, report an event without layer is not allowed.
* Fix ES flush thread stops when flush schedule task throws exception, such as ElasticSearch flush failed.

> * Fix ES BulkProcessor in BatchProcessEsDAO Initialize multiple times and create multiple ES flush schedule task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix ES BulkProcessor in BatchProcessEsDAO was initialized multiple times and created multiple ES flush schedule tasks.

```
